 Ability: Sensor
  Effect: Allows you to see an enemy's HP and elemental weaknesses.
Requires: Ability Sphere x2

 Ability: Piercing
  Effect: Pierces through armored enemies.
Requires: Level 2 Key Sphere x1

 Ability: First Strike
  Effect: Allows you to attack first, irrespective of speed or having been ambushed by the enemy.
Requires: Return Sphere x1

 Ability: Initiative
  Effect: Increases the chances of a pre-emptive strike.
Requires: Chocobo Feather x6

 Ability: Firestrike
  Effect: Adds the fire element to an attack.
Requires: Bomb Fragment x4

 Ability: Thunderstrike
  Effect: Adds the thunder element to an attack.
Requires: Electro Marble x4

 Ability: Waterstrike
  Effect: Adds the water element to an attack.
Requires: Fish Scale x4

 Ability: Icestrike
  Effect: Adds the ice element to an attack.
Requires: Antarctic Wind x4

 Ability: Darktouch
  Effect: Occasionally blinds the enemy.
Requires: Eyedrops x60

 Ability: Darkstrike
  Effect: Always blinds the enemy.
Requires: Smoke Bomb x20

 Ability: Silencetouch
  Effect: Occasionally silences the enemy.
Requires: Echo Screen x60

 Ability: Silencestrike
  Effect: Always silences the enemy.
Requires: Silence Grenade x20

 Ability: Sleeptouch
  Effect: Occasionally puts an enemy to sleep.
Requires: Sleeping Powder x10

 Ability: Sleepstrike
  Effect: Always puts an enemy to sleep.
Requires: Dream Powder x16

 Ability: Poisontouch
  Effect: Occasionally poisons the enemy.
Requires: Antidote x99

 Ability: Poisonstrike
  Effect: Always poisons the enemy.
Requires: Poison Fang x24

 Ability: Stonetouch
  Effect: Occasionally turns the enemy to stone.
Requires: Petrify Grenade x10

 Ability: Stonestrike
  Effect: Always turns the enemy to stone.
Requires: Petrify Grenade x60

 Ability: Deathtouch
  Effect: Occasionally instantly kills the enemy.
Requires: Farplane Shadow x30

 Ability: Deathstrike
  Effect: Always instantly kills the enemy.
Requires: Farplane Wind x60

 Ability: Zombietouch
  Effect: Occasionally zombifies the enemy.
Requires: Holy Water x70

 Ability: Zombiestrike
  Effect: Always zombifies the enemy.
Requires: Candle of Life x30

 Ability: Slowtouch
  Effect: Occasionally slows the enemy.
Requires: Silver Hourglass x16

 Ability: Slowstrike
  Effect: Always slows the enemy.
Requires: Gold Hourglass x30

 Ability: Distill Power (FFX International _only_!)
  Effect: Causes the enemy to drop Power Spheres.
Requires: Power Sphere x2

 Ability: Distill Mana (FFX International _only_!)
  Effect: Causes the enemy to drop Mana Spheres.
Requires: Mana Sphere x2

 Ability: Distill Speed (FFX International _only_!)
  Effect: Causes the enemy to drop Speed Spheres.
Requires: Speed Sphere x2

 Ability: Distill Ability (FFX International _only_!)
  Effect: Causes the enemy to drop Ability Spheres.
Requires: Ability Sphere x2

 Ability: Strength +3%
  Effect: Increases attack power by 3%.
Requires: Power Sphere x3

 Ability: Strength +5%
  Effect: Increases attack power by 5%.
Requires: Stamina Spring x2

 Ability: Strength +10%
  Effect: Increases attack power 10%.
Requires: Skill Sphere x1

 Ability: Strength +20%
  Effect: Increases attack power by 20%.
Requires: Supreme Gem x4

 Ability: Magic +3%
  Effect: Increases magic attack power by 3%.
Requires: Mana Sphere x3

 Ability: Magic +5%
  Effect: Increases magic attack power by 5%.
Requires: Mana Spring x2

 Ability: Magic +10%
  Effect: Increases magic attack power by 10%.
Requires: Black Magic Sphere x1

 Ability: Magic +20%
  Effect: Increases magic attack power by 20%.
Requires: Supreme Gem x4

 Ability: Counterattack
  Effect: Automatically counterattacks when attacked by the enemy.
Requires: Friend Sphere x1

 Ability: Evade & Counter
  Effect: Avoids an attack by the enemy and automatically counterattacks.
Requires: Teleport Sphere x1

 Ability: Magic Counter
  Effect: Automatically counterattacks when attacked by an enemy spell.
Requires: Shining Gem x16

 Ability: Magic Booster
  Effect: Increases magic attack power, expending more MP doing so.
Requires: Ether Turbo x30

 Ability: Alchemy
  Effect: Doubles the effectiveness of medicine in battle.
Requires: Healing Water x4

 Ability: Half MP Cost
  Effect: Halves the amount of MP required to preform magic, skills, or special techniques.
Requires: Twin Stars x20

 Ability: One MP Cost
  Effect: Makes all magic, skills, and special techniques only require 1 MP to preform.
Requires: Three Stars x20

 Ability: No AP
  Effect: Recieve no AP after battle.
Requires: N/A

 Ability: Double AP
  Effect: Doubles the amount of AP recieved after battle.
Requires: Mega Elixir x20

 Ability: Triple AP
  Effect: Triples the amount of AP recieved after battle.
Requires: Wings to Discovery x50

 Ability: Overdrive -> AP
  Effect: Overdrive gauge doesn't rise, but you recieve more AP after battle, depending on what Overdrive type you've set.
Requires: Door to Tomorrow x10

 Ability: SOS Overdrive
  Effect: Makes Overdrive gauge rise faster when in critical condition.
Requires: Gambler's Spirit x20

 Ability: Double Overdrive
  Effect: Makes Overdrive gauge rise twice as quickly.
Requires: Underdog's Secret x30

 Ability: Triple Overdrive
  Effect: Makes Overdrive gauge rise three times as quickly.
Requires: Winning Formula x30

 Ability: Gillionaire
  Effect: Doubles the amount of gil recieved after battle.
Requires: Designer Wallet x30

 Ability: Break Damage Limit
  Effect: Allows you to do more than 9,999 damage, up to a max of 99,999 damage.
Requires: Dark Matter x60

 Ability: Capture
  Effect: Sends the monster to the Monster Arena to the east of the Calm Lands, if a killing blow is dealt with this ability equipped.
Requires: N/A (Bought from monster trainer at the Arena.)
